# PackageDeliveryApp

After installing the APK, if you don't have an account, you can create an account with your email address by clicking the register button or continue as an anonymous user. You can also log in with the email address and password of your created account. You can list the types of bread from the menu screen shown after the login process, and then add the bread you want to your basket, sliced or as normal. After this process, you can click the basket icon in the upper right corner to view your basket and select the drone landing platform from here. After clicking the "Buy" button, you will see your location on the map, your ordering area represented by a black circle, and the bakeries closest to you provided by the "site kit". After choosing one of these bakeries, there will be 2 calculated ways. The straight one is drone road, the other one is the motor courier road. When you click on the straight way, you will see the delivery time and distance of the drone. But if you choose the way of the motor courier, you will see the delivery time and distance of the motor courier (This information was obtained with the site kit.) After clicking the Purchase button, you place an order. On the map, you will see the drone icon if you ordered with a drone and the courier icon if you ordered with a courier. When you click on the icons, a table showing the information about them will open. Finally, you can connect to the map from the notification icon in the upper left corner of the Main menu and you can track your order.
